docs: add backwards compatibility guidelines (#77)
Theodo-UK/OmniLog: docs/backwards_compatibility.md

# Backwards Compatibility for the Python SDK

## Use semantic versioning (MAJOR.MINOR.PATCH)

- MAJOR: When you add code that is not backwards compatible
- MINOR: When you add functionality that is backwards compatible
- PATCH: When you implement bug fixes that are backward compatible

## Prevent bugs
- Avoid global state
- Limit dependencies
- Implement extensive testing
  - Test against multiple Python versions using packages like `tox`

## Give your users visibility
- Document changes in a changelog
- Provide migration guides between MAJOR versions

> - Use deprecation warnings in code to allow user time to make changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Use deprecation warnings in the code to give the users some time to make necessary changes.
```

## Give your users options

> - Use feature flags to allow user to use new features while maintaining old functionality

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Use feature flags to allow users to use the new features while maintaining old functionalities
```
